Dear All,

from week 45 we start the second part of "Linear Algebra with
Applications", which will be taught by Daniel Merkle and Marco
Chiarandini.

The goal of this part of the course is learning to carry out the linear
algebra calculations that you have been discussing so far in the
scientific computing enviroment of Python. After the first week, where
there will be a review of the syntax of the Python programming language,
we will work with a few Linear Algebra applications and their
computations. We hope that you will enjoy and learn a lot!


For this part of the course, we will use the BlackBoard system only to
post announcements like this one.  The main web page becomes instead:

    https://dm561.github.io/

and will be referred to as the "web page".  There you will find relevant
material for this course: updated schedules, slides, lecture notes,
links, etc. The web page is linked also from the left menu in BlackBoard.

During the remaing weeks you will be asked to hand in laboratory (lab)
work, consisting of programming assignments. Each lab will have a
specifications file - a Python file with predefined functions for you to
implement. Using these spec files will allow us, instructors and
teaching assistants, to quickly test and grade your submissions.

The first assignement, asg0, will not be graded and will serve to test
the submission procedure. It is already available from the web page and
has deadline Friday 9, at 18.

Our first class is on Monday, November 5, at 8:15.

It is important that before the class you get started by downloading the
"Python Essentials" lab manual availble from the web page. The first
appendix in the manual has instructions about how the lab materials are
organized and how to get set up. The second appendix introduces you to
the working environment. We expect you to go through these two
appendices on your own as soon as possible.


We look forward to seeing you there.

Best regards,
Marco

